Hello friends. In this video, let us have an introduction
to infix, prefix and postfix expressions.
Infix, Prefix and Postfix notations are three different but equivalent
ways of writing expressions.
First let us learn about infix expressions.
In infix expressions
Operators are written in between the operands
For example A + B
The operator + is written between operands A and B
See another example A + B - C
See another one A + B * C - D
Now let us see prefix expressions. In prefix expressions
Operators are written before their operands
So what will be the corresponding prefix expression of this
infix expression A + B? operator comes before operands.
Right? So + AB
Now let us see post fix expressions. In post fix
expressions,
Operators are written after their operands
So what will be the corresponding post fix expression of this
infix expression? Operator comes after operands.
So A B +
Similarly for the second infix expression, the prefix expression
will be like this - + A B C and
corresponding post fix will be A B + C -
and for the third infix expression, prefix expression will
be - * + A B C D and corresponding
post fix will be A B + C * D -
So that's all. We will learn more about infix
prefix and postfix notations in the coming videos